ICT & Finance Department will calculate the cost of the asset after depreciation and HR will proceed to work on the repayment agreement with the employee.
A replacement will be provided as work must still go on.
The employee will be subjected to pay for the repair or replacement of the company’s asset if the damages were caused due to negligence.
There will be a replacement provided while the company’s asset is being sent for repair.
No, all work related apps used must be registered with ICT Support even if it is a free app.
Depending on the complexity of the design request, the design team will need at least 3 - 5 working days or more.
Requesters will need to update the level of urgency in the form. When there are multiple urgent requests received at the same time, the design team will get advice from HOD on which to prioritise.
Those holding the company's asset can refer back to ICT Support by filling up the request form if they are faced with any technical problem.
All requests need to follow procedure. Employees must still submit the request form via teamwork regardless of the importance of the task requested.
The employee will only be subjected to pay for damages caused by negligence. Any other issue will be paid by the company.
Any urgent / last minute purchase for an event or project use is possible with an approval by the HOD for purchase of items within the pre-approved amount.
HOD is able to approve any urgent / last minute purchase for items not exceeding RM100.
Yes, upon obtaining approval from DOH only can the purchase be claimable. It is also advisable to copy the procurement team in this process.
Example of services such as Engaging caterer for event or Hiring freelance content writer or Banner printing
All vendors must be registered as this is compulsory for audit purposes.
A maximum of 3 items allowed per form. If the requester would like to request a purchase for more than 3 items then he/she would need to split the items into another purchase requisition form.
Requester can provide the procurement team with 3 vendor options and state their preference. This will help cut unnecessary time spent for sourcing and also ensure accuracy of item sourced.
Employees must submit the MC or other supporting document to HR the next day upon returning to work. Otherwise, it is compulsory to email softcopy to HR first and submit hardcopy later.
Employees would still need to apply for OOO on BambooHR & notify via Slack #timeoff as long as the employee is OOO for any work related task.
All documents must be submitted to HR upon returning to work.
Tardiness means turning up for work late or leaving work early. Other than that, Missed clocks means forgetting to thumb in/ out for work.
Employee’s own job grade will be stated in BambooHR.
E-travel team is in charge of organising and booking travel arrangements for all employees.
Only for employees JG06 and above have the authority to make their own travel arrangements.
Alleged conduct/behaviours that are subjected to disciplinary action consist of behaviours like violence at workplace, substance misuse, theft or fraud and etc. Misconduct will be determined after investigation by superior / HR.
The panel consists of 3 employees who have no direct working relationship with the subject.
Employees are advised to submit their grievances via email to their or the HR.
In cases where employees feel that he/she is not happy with their work circumstances (eg being treated unfairly).
The complainant is allowed to appeal only once for grievance if he/she is not satisfied with the outcome of the first verdict, providing there is new information that has not been raised initially.
The company will conduct a scheduled performance review twice per year.
From the Performance Review, employees who receive a rating of below the base mark (#3 - Meeting Expectation) will be subjected to PIP.
The same PIP case can be reopened and he/she will still be subjected for a re-evaluation on the same PIP within a 6-18 months time frame.
If the employee makes the same mistake after 18 months, the superior will need to initiate a new PIP from the beginning.
The period of a PIP will be subjected to the area of improvement and the duration required to improve on the task assigned. However, a standard PIP cycle will take 3-6 months to complete.
The PIP process is subjected to underperforming permanent employees only.
Contract workers will not be subjected to PIP. Superior will determine not to renew their contract if they cannot perform.
Underperforming interns/apprentices are not subjected to PIP as they are not permanent staff.
The company will post on various recruitment platforms like Jobstreet, LinkedIn, Indeed, Glassdoor.
There are no referral incentives for internal recommendation.
Any salary offer which is 20% above the candidate’s last drawn salary must obtain approval from the CEO's Office by providing relevant justification.
Petty cash is used for office related appliances and only the office manager/assistant is able to use petty cash.
Requester can refer to teamwork 1 - Finance - Request For Biz Travel & Claim project. Click on the overview tab to fill in the request for business travel form.
For any business travel out of state/ out of office and will involve mileage claims etc, employees will be required to fill up the request form (employees to refer individual contract for entitlement).
The finance department will input all claims submitted into the accounting system. However, employees should highlight should they find any discrepancy.
For business travel and ooo claim, one receipt to be submitted under one task in teamwork.
There will be a designated tray/box set by the admin department for all employees to submit the hardcopy business travel & ooo claims. The admin representative will then proceed to collect them and submit to finance periodically.